docs: add description and tests for include_library_param option (#89)
imgix/imgix-rails: README.md

- `source`: a String or Array that specifies the imgix Source address. Should be in the form of `"assets.imgix.net"`.
- `srcset_width_tolerance`: an optional numeric value determining the maximum tolerance allowable, between the downloaded dimensions and rendered dimensions of the image (default `0.08` i.e. `8%`).
- `secure_url_token`: an optional secure URL token found in your dashboard (https://dashboard.imgix.com) used for signing requests

> - `include_library_param`: toggles the use of `ixlib` params. Defaults to `true`. Check [here](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#what-is-the-ixlib-param-on-every-request) for detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `include_library_param`: toggles the inclusion of the [`ixlib` parameter](https://github.com/imgix/imgix-rb#what-is-the-ixlib-param-on-every-request). Defaults to `true`.
```

Author: @sherwinski 
Sorry for the late reply and thanks for the great suggestion!
I just fixed this at 9b915af!
